fix(bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/partitioning_ovh): add details regarding datasets default grouping behavior (#9040)
ovh/docs: pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/partitioning_ovh/guide.en-gb.md

> [!primary]
>

> > If zpool name not specified, a custom zpool name will be automatically generated. By default, if the zpool name is omitted, the algorithm will try to gather different datasets within the same zpool, except datasets holding `/` and `/boot` which are set apart (in order to enable advanced ZFS features that are incompatible with GRUB on the zpool(s) that contain none of those mountpoints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the zpool name is not specified, a custom zpool name will be automatically generated. By default, the algorithm attempts to group different datasets within the same zpool, except for datasets containing `/` or `/boot` which are placed in separate zpools. This allows advanced ZFS features that are incompatible with the bootloader to be enabled on the other zpools.
```
